hey guys it's Hetrick and Nicholas from
just look entertainment hello and we
want to present you the first part of
the senseless 3d animations in
counter-strike source editing so to come
to place five its shell shocked by shift
it has if you know shift before no to be
hung up they didn't a trick yeah so
let's watch the model flip yeah um okay
he picks it off for nook is that right
yes and after that is on in piano yeah
that makes sense then seriously you have
some porting skills yeah I'm jealous
yeah so now I'm place for we have coups
bye Frankie yeah what the hell is there
what the hell did you try to create it
looks like em I'm a bit confused right
now okay now we can't really say what it
is perhaps we should ask slinky dog yeah
give us a statement what the hell is
that yeah place 3 goes to rock rock is
actually a pretty known maker but I
totally forgotten what team he actually
is perhaps the clip can tell us maybe
let's see ya
let's stop right here how much logos did
you count right now 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
14 fuck logos in one smooth and ok rock
we unrolled urine spot reproduction you
totally rock it yeah that was pretty
awesome so now we're at nice too and
this place goes to it's a from cows
picture yeah he's a really good mate of
mine and he did a very great job with
this clip he got accepted in ghost
pictures yeah he's a very unique colors
a great flow and then on it was the
first time for me to chlef oops yeah
also and then it was great clip and at
the ending something happened something
strange let's see what it is okay well
then the no offense but is that what ice
cream yo course I'm not sure and again
I'm very confused but you should ask
this off what this should be yeah man
give us a statement what is less flavor
so finally we reached twice one and this
place also goes to another ghost just
member it scoops ya come cos pictures I
did a very good job with this clip he
did for the kender calm and he won this
competition then yeah let's see what
happened together very nice let's go
jump shot that what the hell I'm not
really sure to be honest I'm confused
again if the three is explode on I don't
know have aliens land on the earth on
internal and now they will take the
world oh my God we're fucked up we're
fucked up we may ask oops what that is
yeah yeah least he'll have so this was
the first part of the senseless 3d
animations in counter-strike source
staring me Patrick and my best mate
Niklas l and yeah I hope you enjoyed it
as much as we too and we say goodbye I
am take care